TACTICS

All attacks are of a shadow or stealth nature. As has been stated elsewhere
physical violence of any sort is severely penalized both in-game by 
the rules observed by various factions and Non-player characters, and by 
the game's mechanics. That is not to say that this game and story are
not extremely brutal, violent, and lethal. The damage is slow and long-term.

"Bullets are fast. Magic is slow."

All attacks are of three major varieties: 

	1) Psychological
	2) Magical
	3) Psychic

There are physical attacks (vandalism, theft, assault, etc.) but these are
majorily discouraged via game mechanics that penalize the player to roll at
a severe disadvantage as well as NPCs (and other in game consequences) that 
actively seek out and punish such behavior. 

All attacks are based upon, at least, three things. 

	The 3 Ps
	1) Patterns of Life
	2) Past
	3) Private Thoughts

	As the generally free society of the early game's modules morphs
into the security, then surveillance, police, and finally fascism 
lite & Total Fascism the tools, reach, and capabilities of the Scion 
proportionally increase. 

	As media culture increases so do attack vectors (television, 
cable, independent, traditional and new media, Internet, mobile, 
Internet of Things, robots, AI).

	Both of the two previous paragraphs forget to include secret 
advances in Psi and Magic.

TWILIGHT LANGUAGE

	"Language is a virus from Outer Space." --William S. Burroughs

	This is a big one. This is an entirely new way of communicating and 
passing information. It is a way of encrypting information so that a thing 
can be spoken about without being spoken about. It is beyond mere allusion 
and hinting (although it includes these things for sure) and it requires an
person using it to learn its ways. 

Via the use of Twilight Language not only is information passed on in a way
that is undetectable by any outsider it can also be used to carry out
various attacks. 

# MORE ON THIS TO FOLLOW

EVENTS, ENCOUNTERS, OBJECTS, AND TABLEUXS

	These are the other forms of communication and attack. They are self-explanatory for the most part. In the list that follows this section 
I'll be going into specific methods. 

	These tactics are used in a sustained effort to defeat and/or ensnare the Nobody. Temporary variations are used to shape the opinions and
actions of the Nobody's support netowrk to deprive him of aid. 

Ambience
	Subliminal. An effect of a conglomeration of inputs; a nearby conversation, a piece of graffiti, music coming from a nearby speaker, the facial expressions of passing strangers, etc. A train of people, events, or things that are spread out over time and distance or concentrated at a place the Player stops at or frequents. 
	
Pretend Conversations (to one another, over the phone, to self)
	REFLECTION: I can't remember the original Chinese text, but it's something like 
	"Discuss the bush while pointing at the tree."

	JUMBLE: Combining elements from several areas or time periods of a target's life
	creating a scrambled narrative

Tableuxs

	CAPTIVE AUDIENCE: Events rather then encounters. Think live-theater without
	interactivity, but an unmistakable feeling of the personalizing/tailoring of 
	the message.

Found Items (organiclly supernatural, set-pieces)

	Tactic: entertainment - establish a pattern than change the 
	context. 

	Eg. Find gifts on public street then find one in a locker room. 
	Boom. You're a thief because you assumed it was a gift from the Others.
	
	Eg. Smoking pot is fine. Helping people is fine. But, how about 
	helping a hot minor with down syndrome home cause she is confused 
	when you pass her at a bus stop on your way home. On the walk she 
	lights a joint and offers you some. She said she was 19. Here come 
	the cops. "What do you mean you were smoking pot with a minor that's 
	mentally incapacitated and high? Just walking her home, huh? You're 
	just a nice guy, huh?"


Bumps
Honeypots
Entrapment
Dangles / Lures
bogeymen / ferals / demons / zombies / squishes
proxies / dopplegangers
coincidences (organic, staged)
fake news (media)
reflection attacks (funhouse mirror, mimic, reflect, impersonate_to_alienate_support)
wish fufilment
t-shirt oracle
cutting the corners (slowly isolating target from support)

From written notes October 19, 2018

slowly depleting resources (taking, stealing, asking, ripping off)
	dismissive; promises/ lies --while at the same time walking away
	[aka 'empty calories'] - 	the promise is always there but no delivery
								the possibility without the promise
								when the failure occurs there is no apology or regret
	also, rude, crass boorish

the thing is some events and information are signficant, but some are meaningless or 
intentionally misleading --adding to the madness. This is called MUTATING
MOTIVATIONS and, coupled with UBIQUITY and seeming OMNISCIENCE are the three
pillars of all Scion and Aristoi operations against the Nobody. 

Mutating motivations means that the Nobody can never be sure what the truth is and
he has nothing and noone that he can rely on absolutely.
