Adversery Types
file created: 12/07/18
last updated: 01/09/18

Adversaries com in 
	sub-types
	hybrid types
	group / faction / clique

IRREAL ADVESARIES


	DEMONIC POSSESION

		BOGEYMAN / ZOMBIES

		FERALS

		JOKERS


VAMPIRES  - Vampires can be difficult to spot because off all the types of advesaries they are the most well-adjusted to what is called our real society. They have jobs, families, positions of authority, but they are well aware of irreality and flaunt their success and position at the top of the illuminati heap. 

Pattern-manifestation - Expert mindblasters. Very subtle. Expert at camoflage. 

Mechanics: Player must make save vs. Domination (Mind Control)


SIRENS - 

	Sex-Clowns - Feral / Siren hybrid. Encountered on buses, dark alleys, and empty parking lots.


SUCCUBUS / INCUBUS - 


SQUISHIES - Squishies are the saddest of creatures. They are the very bottom of the pile; mentally deficient, emotionally inept, and physically they are ugly and out of shape. But, this is where their power lies. They are primarily used for ambience type attack patterns. That is they are used in conjuction with other advesary types.  pattern manifestation: talking loudly, dressing or hygiene is lacking, moving or dropping things loudly, anything that draws attention to itself and contrasts them with the environment --mostly, and this is a big one, they carry themselves with the air of a person that doesn't give a fuck about anyone but themselves. they are able to convey the impression that they are aware of themselves and their ugliness, but they don't care. on top of this their behavior insinuates that they consider themselves better than you. 

mechanics: players must make a save vs. frustration when in the presence of Squishies.

DRIPS - Are active squishies. 

pattern manifestation: Where a squishy will just sit or stand there a Drip will actively engage and attempt to interact with you. They are like a joker and vampire, but where a joker attempts to create a psychedelic effect and the Vampire creates a domination effect, Drips create a frustration effect via the ugliness mentioned above in the Squishy entry.

mechanics: player must make save vs. frustration while engaged and/or interacting with a Drip.

Proxies -

Magicians and Occult Groups - 

Psions -

Gods -


REAL ADVERSARIES

Some advesaries are able to fake irreal advesary status. This causes some problems for the Nobody. 

Criminals - This guys will steal from you. They'll help frame you. They'll attempt to manover you into incriminating situations. 

Police - Although, all institutions are controlled by the Illuminati, law enforcement and intelligence agencies et. al. are of particular concern.
	 homeless (and other CI)

Firefighters - Generally neutral. Will offer emotional and moral support, but no more. Generally, not in the employ of the Illuminati, but aware of their influence and steer clear. 

Hospitals - Generally neutral. Will involve police if they have to. Some hospital workers are in the employ of the Illuminati and some are not.

Libraries - Generally helpful, but some employees are Illuminati and antagonistic to the Nobody, some aren't. Again, just because someone isn't actively pro-illuminati doesn't mean that they resist in any way or will come to the aid of the Nobody. 

Churches - They are aware of the Nobody, but there are shifting alliances and schisms inside each organization. They fight and help the Scion and they help and hinder the Nobody. 

Honey-pots - mundane variation of sirens/succubus

Hackers and Hacking Groups -

Intelligence Agencies -

GENERAL COMMUNITY -
	 the unsuspecting bumbler
	the useful idiot

DOPPLEGANGERS (FAUX PROXIES) - 

# in general, the longer an advesary is allowed to stick around the stronger
the CONNECTION (psychic vampirism) becomes and the harder it is to deal 
with.


