CHALLENGING ACTIONS	


ACTIONS are behaviors a Character can do in the game. 

When the player announces an action, if it is of a simple nature (i.e. 
something that most people can easily do) then they simply do it.

Examples of simple actions are opening a door, going up some stairs,
opening an  unlocked box, etc. 

Other actions are of varying levels of difficulty and will require the
player to use a chosen SKILL and/or a PLAYER CHARACTER ATTRIBUTE to 
determine whether or not they succeed at more challenging actions. 

In these cases  the player must roll a die or combination of dice to 
see if he succesfully completes the attempt or not. 

The biggest example of this are magical or psychic operations (aka 
REALITY DISTORTION FIELD). 

There are five seperate rolls that must be made whenever a Player
attempts a major operation.

	1) An Understanding of the Situation
	2) Achievement of the Neccesary State to attempt an Operation 
	3) The attempt at the Operation itself
	4) An Ego-Stability check if the operation is successful
	5) The reaction of the Environment to the Operation

Some of these rolls affect only the Player or affect nothing if they 
result in a failure. Rolls 3-5 from above can also result in the Reality 
Distortion Field overwhelming not just the practicioner but also NPCs 
and others.


1.  An Understanding of the Situation

A roll is neccesary in these situations when the situation is of a
strange, heavy, or emotionally charged variety. This is done at the GM's 
discretion. 

A succesful roll means that the player is able to understand and accept 
the situation. What this means varies because in the world of the Scion
the Nobody the situations can be extremely hard-core, meaning that 
lives, relationships, physical, material well-being, reputation, and one's 
sanity can be the stakes that are in play. 

2. Achievement of the Neccesary State to attempt an Operation 

Once the Situation has been succesfully understood and accepted the 
Player must make a decison about what their actions will be, this
includes which of their abilities and/or resources to put into play. Each 
action will require the player to enter a prerequisite emotional,
psychological, physical, or magico-energetic state. A succesful 
acheivement of that state allows the player to attempt the operation 
itself. 

3. The attempt at the Operation itself

This will vary depending upon what is being attempted.

4.  An Ego-Stability check if the operation is successful

No matter how many time or in what ways one has been succesful in the
past, when an operation succeeds it is a psychological blow to the 
operators mental systems. A roll has to be made to overcome this. An 
unsuccesful roll results in a temporary fugue state, ecstacy, depression, 
guilt, or whatever is apropos for the situation in question. 


5. The reaction of the Environment to the Operation

This is how the Environment (including people) reacts after the
operation is completed. This roll also determines how long such effects
continue. 

Instability manifests as irrational and/or artifical behavior on the part of
others and the environment itself; people will become mean,
condeming, harsh, or unfair, the environment will be influenced by this 
runaway magic --negative coincidences and unintended consequences.

Also, as tends to be standard in RPG worlds, there are CRITICAL rolls in this
particular universe too. The GMs discretion [#or TBD] will determine the spread 
for these situations. Classically speaking, a natural roll of 20 on a 20-sided 
die will result in a spectacular success or CRITICAL HIT on the attempted 
operation, and a natural 1 on the same polyhedral will result in a CRITICAL 
FAILURE. A CRITICAL HIT can result in totally clean and positive results; 
awe-inspiring, blissful, a happy religious / mystical experience with no
negative side-effects. 
