Nobody Abilities
File created: ? 
File updated: 12/15/2018

SUPERMUNDANE

A great deal of the Nobody's abilities manifest as THE VOICE --the source
of seemingly psychic intuitions and advice. THE VOICE can be countered by
the SCION through the use of an INTRUDING THOUGHT. The Nobody learns to 
differentiate and silence intrusion attempts.

Sense Intentions - Determine an adversary or ally. c
Sense Danger (within range of senses, beyond range of senses)
Sense Prize (within range of senses, beyond range of senses)

Precognition
Divination (via a magical tool) - Using a divination tool (I-ching, Tarot, Sumerian oil & water, ouija, etc) he is able 
to divine the future.

ASTRAL TRAVEL (visit other dimensions; commune with the Gods)
LUCID DREAMING (shape reality via the dream scape)
Dream Peeping - The ability to see into another persons dreams.
Dream Hijack - The ability to enter another person's dream and hijack into one's own lucid dream environment.

Probability Control (luck / hex)

Calm (meditation)

Strengthen Resolve (Self and Others)
Morale Boost

Energy Extension and Throwing

WEATHER CONTROL (cloud busting, rain, tornadoes, hurricanes, typhoons)
NATURAL DISASTERS (earthquakes, volcanos, meteor and meteorites, solar flares, tsunamis, avalanches, etc.)
MAN-MADE DISASTERS (energy, transportation, communication)

Twilight Language

Mind Control (including sleep and paralysis) - SOFT AND HARD
State Control Emotions


Charm 
Confuse
Fear/Intimidate
Shame/Depress

Create Servitor/Tulpa
Summon local spirits (good or bad) / Area Egregore
Area Ward, Locks, Barriers

Create Magic Tool, Artifact

Time Effects (compress, stretch, stop)

Time-line Jump

BILOCATON AND TRILOCATION

!fork - The Nobody doesn't have PROXY (or DOPPLEGANGER)
but he does have '!fork'. 

'!fork' is a kind of bilocation and this  means that he can be in more
than one place at the same time.  Or, at least, his _intention_ can be
divided to be in two places  at the same time.  At higher experience
levels he gets '!triplets' which is the same as above but he can divide himself into three astral clones.

This also has energetic and intentional applications.

12/19/2018

NOBODY ABILITIES:

Mundane
 
Hyper focus
Total vigilance
Lie detection
Courage 
Resilience
Good will
Intention
Problem solving
Intelligence
Charisma

Supramundane 

Sense danger
Precognition
Internal energy manipulation
External energy manipulation (shield, throwing)
Mind blast
Confuse
Intimidate
Frustrate
Weather control
Natural disaster control
Major and minor manmade catastrophe and mayem
Disease control
Space weather and associated phenomena
Time-magic
General Probability bending
Reality bending
Mind control at a distance and a stranger 

No mind control(personal only), proxies, or sadness induction.
