FACTIONS 

THE MUNDANE

THE SUPER-MUNDANES
(subtype) "NATURALS" 

THE AWARE 

THE SILENT
Are they bigger than the Illuminati? Who knows? It's members are among the
AWARE, but there doesn't seem to be a unifying direction or goal. They
are seperated from each other, scared, unsure, or worse, sure that what they
have is worthwhile and are unwilling to jepordize it by "playing". They 
secretly help the NOBODY and hope for his success even though to do so is
to incur the ill-will of the ILLUMINATI.

THE ILLUMINATI
This is _the_ main group. No other group even comes close to the power 
(in all of its varities) that this group wields. 

You are born into an Illuminati family. Forget what anybody else tells you.
You might work for the Illuminati and they might even tell you that you're 
a member, but you aren't. 

The Illuminati trace their lineage back to the neolithic Ghassulian copper 
merchants of the Late Chalcolithic period in the Southern Levant. Even the 
Masons needed to get their tools and supplies from someone. They came next,
along with the Assyrian priests, scribes, and magicians. The followed the 
money across the Med and into Greece...This clan is tasked with money.

Another clan of the Illuminati are descended from the Lacedaemons (Spartans)
and are tasked with handling intelligence gathering and dirty tricks.
[More historical explanation to follow]. 

All of this time they have passed on their vast collective knowledge 
supported by the deep pockets of _OLD_  money along family and clan 
lineages.

The Illuminati do not keep any written records of any of their activities.
They never directly discuss what it is that they are doing. Instead they 
use TWILIGHT LANGUAGE, TELEPATHY, and other obfuscated methods to 
communicate. They don't do this out of fear for they control the very 
institutions tasked with enforcing and adjucating the laws they violate.

Educational System: 
The Illuminati run a vast network of specialized schools that train in a 
wide variety of topics to a vast array of students. Each area has its own
school and some are older then others, but it can't really be said to align
with something as primitive as national identity since the Illuminati are 
an organization that transcend political boundaries and temporary material
concerns. 

One of the top schools in this system is located in Maryland, USA. This is 
where the most elite of the Illuminati families send their most promising
children and it figures prominently in the Scion Module 000 (and probably 
future ones as well). 
