Nobody Abilities
File created: ? 
File updated: 12/15/2018

SUPERMUNDANE

A great deal of the Nobody's abilities manifest as THE VOICE --the source
of seemingly psychic intuitions and advice. THE VOICE can be countered by
the SCION through the use of an INTRUDING THOUGHT. The Nobody learns to 
differentiate and silence intrusion attempts.

Pomp Effect - A harmless, but psychologically significant event, that occurs
in the immeadiate area of the Nobody; circling birds, a sudden gust of wind,
lighting bolt, a seed pod explodes, etc. Has an aweing effect.  

Sense Intentions - Determine an adversary or ally. c
Sense Danger (within range of senses, beyond range of senses)
Sense Prize (within range of senses, beyond range of senses)

Precognition
Divination (via a magical tool) - Using a divination tool (I-ching, Tarot, Sumerian oil & water, ouija, etc) he is able 
to divine the future.

ASTRAL TRAVEL (visit other dimensions; commune with the Gods)
LUCID DREAMING (shape reality via the dream scape)
Dream Peeping - The ability to see into another persons dreams.
Dream Hijack - The ability to enter another person's dream and hijack into one's own lucid dream environment.

Probability Control (luck / hex)

Calm (meditation)

Strengthen Resolve (Self and Others)
Morale Boost

Energy Extension and Throwing

WEATHER CONTROL (cloud busting, rain, tornadoes, hurricanes, typhoons)
NATURAL DISASTERS (earthquakes, volcanos, meteor and meteorites, solar flares, tsunamis, avalanches, etc.)
MAN-MADE DISASTERS (energy, transportation, communication)

Twilight Language

Mind Control (including sleep and paralysis) - SOFT AND HARD
State Control Emotions


Charm 

SLAP 

Hex
Confuse
Fear/Intimidate
Shame/Depress

Create Servitor/Tulpa
Summon local spirits (good or bad) / Area Egregore
Area Ward, Locks, Barriers

Create Magic Tool, Artifact - 
Artifact and Magic Tools are objects that are found and/or created by the Nobody
and other Magicians to store and focus magical energy for a particular purpose. 
This purpose is determined by the symbolic power of the object and/or by the
intent and will of the magician. 

Artifacts and Magical tools are endowed with a portion of the Magician's personal
investment of MANNA. Since Manna is aetheric in nature and because magicians are
intelligent adepts at the manipulation of aetheric energies they are able to 
make some programmatic adaptions to their tools and their essential natures. 

Among these are: 
1) The ability to pull the tools aetheric double away from it's material
component remotely. This renders the tool magically inert. 
2) The ability to reassimilate the tool's aetheric double into their own magical
body and reinsert it into another tool at will. 
3) They also have to ability to pull and remotely 'detonate' the tool's aetheric
double. This is usually used in the case of theft as an act of revenge upon the 
thief. In this instance, the manna is expended and is not reassimalated into the
originating magician. 
4) The ability to 'lock' the tool. This means that the essence remains in the tool
but is innaccesible. 
5) The ability to 'lock' the tool, but share a passphrase, gesture, or action with
another magician so that it can be used by any person with this information. 
6) The ability to 'smart lock' the tool, so that the tool itself is given
an instruction set regarding for whom it can work its magic. 

Time Effects (compress, stretch, stop)

Time-line Jump

BILOCATON AND TRILOCATION

!fork - The Nobody doesn't have PROXY (or DOPPLEGANGER)
but he does have '!fork'. 

'!fork' is a kind of bilocation and this  means that he can be in more
than one place at the same time.  Or, at least, his _intention_ can be
divided to be in two places  at the same time.  At higher experience
levels he gets '!triplets' which is the same as above but he can divide himself into three astral clones.

This also has energetic and intentional applications.

12/19/2018

NOBODY ABILITIES:

Mundane
 
Hyper focus
Total vigilance
Lie detection
Courage 
Resilience
Good will
Intention
Problem solving
Intelligence
Charisma

Supramundane 

Sense danger
Precognition
Internal energy manipulation
External energy manipulation (shield, throwing)
Mind blast
Confuse
Intimidate
Frustrate
Weather control
Natural disaster control
Major and minor manmade catastrophe and mayem
Disease control
Space weather and associated phenomena
Time-magic
General Probability bending
Reality bending
Mind control at a distance and a stranger 

No mind control(personal only), proxies, or sadness induction.
