SCION

The Scion is bred, raised, and tasked with tracking, containing, and destroying the Nobody. This position is an inherted one and he belongs to the only Illuminati clan that handles this job.

Scion Abilities

MUNDANE 
[# I need to work out the particulars of these mundane abilites. Budget vs Operations? Budget vs Personel? In what ways does his experience level
determine his money, people (and their talents), and reach? 

Control of Media - The ability to shape society and control the mob mentality via the media. Not only does the Scion have the ability to control mainstream media, he also eventually gains the ability to control social media, comment sections, and popular online sources of information. 

Creation of Demonstrations - The cash to hire people that can stage and act out any sort of public theater that is called for; shootings, bombings, bomb hoaxes (hoaxes of any sort, really), fights, public protests, displays of public support, popular movements...anything. 

Control of Government Institutions: The scion has the connections to influence any and all government institutions. This includes the obvious like the police, court systems, and intelligence agencies, but it also includes, schools, libraries, parks, and ride share programs.

Dopplegangers: This is an actor hired by the Scion to mimic another person
of the Scion's choosing.

Access to all Records: The Scion has access to all records of all kinds 
regarding anything. Via advanced secret algorythms and narrow AI (later
wide AI) he is able to preform advanced psychographics of any advesary. 
This ability reaches such an advanced level he seems to be able to tell
the future with regards to an advesary's moves and states of mind. 

SUPERMUNDANE

(some of these skills are The Scion's and some are skill-sets the Scion has access to via LABOR POOLS)

The ability to read minds - This seems to have a distance limit and he only seems to notice things that the Nobody notices himself. The stronger the thought and/or associated emotion the liklier it is that the Scion will detect it. The Nobody can counter this to a certain extent, but not completely. 

Intrusive Thoughts - The ability to send repetitive and intrusive thoughts to others that seem to originate from the receiver's own consciousness. 

Proxies - This is seemingly another person that is actually the Scion or an
equivelantly powerful Vampire.

Dream Peeping - The ability to see into another persons dreams.

Dream Hijack - The ability to enter another person's dream and hijack into one's own lucid dream environment.

Remote Viewing - 

Targeted Sensory Perception Dampening - The ability to dampen or deaden the sensory perception of a target. This means the person will not see, hear, smell, feel, or otherwise detect objects of sensory perception. 

Telekinesis: Ability to move items with mind. 

Sense Presence: the ability to detect a familiar person within a certain radius