			BUILDING REALITY DISTORTION FIELDS: 
			INDIVIDUAL, COOPERATIVE & WARRING 
			GROUPS - DYNAMICS, EFFECTS, AND OUTCOMES

"Reality is where rival bands of magicians fight to a standstill."

	WHAT IS A REALITY DISTORTION FIELD? 

A Reality Distortion Field (RDF) is _REAL_ Magic.  But, it isn't 
about flying, throwing fireballs or doing the impossible. Instead
it's about doing the improbable. 

At it's best it's about doing that which is so highly improbable 
as to be wrongly judged as being actually impossible. 

It is impossible to describe a Reality Distortion Field in final 
or concrete terms. It's very nature makes this an impossibility. 
It is a state of pure flux...of chaos. It is suprising and at the 
exact moment one believes that one has come up with a concrete 
and specific defintion something occurs that shatters it. 

All that can be done is to describe in a very general way what 
it feels like and what (some) of their effects are. 

A reality distortion field is first and foremost a subjective 
experience. If one tries too hard to discuss or explain it, the 
words fall apart and devolve into the incoherence of the
schizophrenic or the tremulous mutterings of an overcooked mystic. 
Indeed, spending time inside of an RDF is extremely stressful on 
the psyche. At lower levels of experience if a technician spends 
too much time there the damage can be permanent and even those 
who survive to the higher levels there is an unavoidable change 
to their personality. 

An RDF is exactly similar to a magical effect. The difference is 
that the RDF can also be influenced by the technicians subconcious 
and the subconciousnesses of every other being in existence.

The above is done via a medium similiar in essence to what Phillip 
K. Dick referred to as the 'Hive-Mind', what Carl Jung  was reffering 
to when discussing the "Collective Unconscious" & Synchronicity, and 
the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn and Roscrucian _Egregore_.

Basically, an RDF is the creation of weird coincidences or effects 
that are in alignment with what the owner of the RDF "wants" --the 
manipulation of probabilities, and their associated manifestations 
as outcomes.  

	HOW DOES A GROUP GO ABOUT CREATING A PERSONAL RDF? 
	STRENGTHING IT? 
	MAINTAINING IT?  

RDFs are created with intention and without intention. A mob or 
public opinion can result in an RDF as an emergent property of 
previously existing RDFs. They can also result from unintentional 
magical ritual or the accidental discharge of a developing or 
potential technician.

Intentionally, they are created by a technician or magician 
through the use of the technique given them. The politician, 
artist, communication specialist, or psychologist can harness 
the energy of any minds they can entrain or mind-control through 
the use of the supra-mundane components of their mundane abilities.

Again, an RDF is abstract and manifests as weird coincidences that 
coincide favorably with the desire of the originator of the RDF. 

The originator does this through the combined use of WILL, 
IMAGINATION, OBSESSION, and TECHNIQUE. The more experienced the 
originator is the more focused and in line with his concious intent 
the outcome or manifestation of the  RDF will be, the inexperienced 
or unskilled originator will not have success at their attempts or 
will experience unintended, possibly negative,side-effects and 
outcomes. 

RITUAL is merely the adoption of GNOSIS in a SPACE that has been 
assigned as SACRED. A RITUAL uses a combination of TOOLS and/or
TECHNIQUES over a period of TIME [important?]. RITUAL also relies
on will, imagination, and belief. The MYSTIC at play. The MAGICIAN
as a COSMIC METHOD ACTOR. 

It has been said that the difference between BELIEF and FAITH is
application, experience, and proof. 

When "Supramundanes" are alone (outside the range of any Mundane's 
sense perception) they are able to execute their powers with visuals and
increased (more powerful, increased range, number, speed, etc.) effects.

	WHAT HAPPENS WHEN THE RDFs OF SEPERATE INDIVIDUALS OR GROUPS 
	INTERACT? 

If one were to ask the average person who it was that determined 
what reality is, the average person would respond that the definition 
of reality is subjective and that each individual decides for 
themselves what is good, bad, pleasurable, discomfiting, etc. And this 
is true. And this is where most people would stop when asked "who is 
it that determines reality?"

But, if I determine my reality and you determine yours then what 
determines reality when our two interpretations and two, possibly 
at variance, desires for the future come into contact? The answer 
to this question is that, yes, it is true that reality is determined 
by the agency behind that which is doing the determination, but it 
is also true that reality is determined by how much power is behind 
a certain version of itself. 

It is very easy to understand that an elephant will easily determine 
what the reality of the situation is in a tug of war between an elephant 
and a man. It's easy to grasp things like contests of physical strength 
or material means. Not so easy to see is that abstract and immaterial 
things (thoughts, probablity, states of existence) can also be influenced 
by WILL either of an individual or a group. And just as an individual 
elephant easily overpowers a group of ten men, so too can the will of 
a powerful individual overpower a large group and vice-versa. 

	HOW DOES A RDF EXPIRE? 

Since an RDF relies on subjectivity to initiate and experience it as 
soon as the creating agency ceases to exist, loses interest, or dismisses 
it, it ceases to exist.  Of course, a stronger consciousness can counter it 
or a combined effort of the mundane variety can interupt an originators 
execution vis-a-vis 'buffer overflow', confusion, physical violence, 
demoralization, etc.
