QUOTES


RE: TWILIGHT LANGUAGE

"The other aspect of assertion that bears on deflationism is that of how we
get to understand what people do as the making of assertion in the first
place. It is one thing to make noises or to scratch inscriptions, but
another thing for those noises or inscriptions to be rightly interpretable
as vehicles of thought or belief. There need to be practices of 
interpretation that are familiar to the agent and the audience, or
conventions to which they are parties. Just as a piece of paper must be 
embedded in an established social practice in order to count as a banknote,
so an inscription or noise must be similarly entrenched to be a vehicle of
thought and belief. And just as the value of a note may changeas the economy
shifts, so the meaning to be attached to a noise or an inscription can 
change as social practice changes. This is not the place to explore the
whole subject of linguistics, but it is important to bear in mind that the
amazing complexities of thought and belief that language enables do not come
from nowhere. The interpretation of any language is a skill that needed to 
be learned, in one's early years if it is the mother tongue, or with more 
pain and effort if it is not." --Simon Blackburn "On Truth"

"Language is a virus from Outer Space." --William S. Burroughs


RE: PROXIES

"Still others aimed at averting omen-related dangers from the king, state, 
or army. Probably the best-known of these texts concern the investiture of
a substitute king during a crisis that threatened the life ot the real 
monarch. (See "Esarhaddon, King of Assyria in Part 5, Vol. II.) Because of
some similarities with the biblical concept of "scapegoats," these texts, 
although only preserved in fragments, have stirred much interest. The main 
thrust of the ritual is to transfer the risk to the substitute, accompanied
by additional prophylactic manipulations for the real king. After the period
of danger --usually caused by the occurence of an eclipse-- was over, the 
substitute was killed to fulfill the omen, and after still another set of 
purifications, the legitimate ruler was reinstalled. Such drastic measures, 
involving the death of an innocent victim, were of course only used as a 
last resort in cases of extreme danger to the stability of the state. No
direct parallels from private rituals exist, but somewhat similar rites can
be found in the manipulation of figurines that would, by means of contact 
magic, take on the illness and death threatening an individual."
"Witchcraft, Magic, and Divination in Ancient Mesopotamia" Walter Farber
from the Vol. III of "Civilizations of the Ancient Near East" Jack M. Sasson
Editor (p 1903)


Chapter 6 from the Egyptian Book of the Dead

A  spell that lets a dead person call a clone (shebti?) to work in their place
when a God commands them to labor for them in the afterlife. 

