000 The Nobody Module: Golden Light Crib and Long Hair

# ROUGH DRAFT

(The power of spirit)


Genre Bend: Disney Cartoon

When the Nobody would bring it up later to his mother she would be amazed at
how he could ever have remembered it. 

His first memory was off a radiant light filling a room. It wasn't an 
ordinary radiance though (if any radiance can, in fact, be called that), 
it was a specific type of radiance, a very powerful radiance. 

It was a golden radiance. 

The ceiling was gold, the walls were gold, the bed and the carpet were too.

He didn't know it at the time, but this gigantic chamber was in fact the
tiny bedroom of a small trailer in an unimportant suburb of Los Angeles.

The reason everything was gold was because the curtains were yellow and it 
was sunset or, maybe, it was sunrise. 

This is the first memory of the current incarnation of the Nobody. This
memory was created in the midst of riots, assasinations, war, and cultural
upheaval. 

A part of this cultural upheaval expressed itself in the fashion of the 
time and locale. An aspect of this fashion was the hair length of men. 

The Nobody did not get his first haircut until he turned 6 years old. The
year he entered the first grade at the local Catholic elementary school. 

The fact that the style of the time allowed him to grow his hair long with
only minor trouble was not the actual reason that his hair grew long. 

His father did the same thing as a child and in order to understand we must
first tell this story. The Nobody's father was the tenth child of fourteen
siblings. The oldest boys fought in the Second World War and the youngest 
would be leaving for Vietnam this year. The Nobody's grandfather was an East
Texas sharecropper that was unable to read or write. The family was
poor and so when the Nobody's father was a young boy he fell victim to a 
dangerous fever and his life was in jeopardy. The Nobody's grandmother made
a promise to Jesus Christ that if he would intercede and save the life of 
the Nobody's father she would not cut his hair until it reached his waist. 

This was in accordance with local Tex-Mex tradition of the region at the 
time. The story was told of a cowboy becoming lost in a sandstorm while 
traveling through the area. His horse became frightened, bucked him, 
and then ran away in terror with all of his equipment and supplies. When 
things seemed to be at their darkest for him a young child with long curls
of hair appeared carrying a shepard's staff and a skin of water. He shared
water with the cowboy and lead him out of the sandstorm and to a nearby 
church where the cowboy was able to take shelter for the evening and 
survive the storm. In the morning when the priest found him in sleeping in 
a pew he shared his story with him and upon getting to the part where he 
describes the young shepard the cowboy notices a nearby statue of the Child
Jesus and falls to his knees in astonishment. It is the same boy that helped
him. The priest notices sand on the statue's shoes and am empty waterskin on
the floor and joins him on his knees a few moment later. 

And the custom came to pass that if you were ever in a really difficult 
situation you could appeal to the Child Jesus to lead you out of your 
calamity and into peace, recovery, or whatever, but a part of the deal was 
that you had to abstain from cutting your hair for promised amount of time.
Because the Child Jesus had long hair. And because it was the Child Jesus 
it was mostly (if not exclusively) used for infants and children.

So, the father of the Nobody healed up nicely and grew his hair into two
pony-tails that he wore until the age of ten years old. The Nobody would 
look at the black and white photo of his father with a couple of his
brothers in the hallway and he saw the pony-tails with his own eyes. 

When the Nobody was born he was born almost three months premature. His 
mother would say it was as though he couldn't wait to get out --as though 
he had something important he had to do and it couldn't wait. For almost 
five more months he lived in an incubator with it's white sheets, walls, 
nurse's uniforms. 

And so when he was finally carried to the trailer park home of his parent's 
and laid in his crib in their bedroom the first thing he noticed was the
golden light and he could feel his hair growing as the horns honked and
dogs barked in the twilight mixture of ochre sunbeams and black smog. 

GM EYES ONLY: 

Assign the player a real world task so that they can better identify with 
the Nobody. 

The player is to procure a notepad and pen. The notepad and pen are special
and are only to be used for the assignment. 

The player is to spend the time in-between game sessions cultivating the 
ability to notice and be aware of noticing The Sacred. 

Whenever the player notices that he is noticing The Sacred he is to make
a note of it in his notebook. 

At the begining he presents this notebook to the you, the GM. 

As a reward he gains the INNER VOICE SKILL [#possible others TBD]
And the next module can be started. 

