001 The Nobody Module: MGM

PBS
CHILDRENS BOOKS
SCHOOL HOUSE ROCKS
IN THE NEWS

	I can't really remember what it was all about. I don't remember being 
told (at least not in any detail) what is was all about. Later on I would
ask my mom what it was all about and she would just say she didn't know 
either and only that it was something the school wanted me to do because
the psychiatrist at recommended me for it and it was some sort of study. 
I did some research on it later on and was told that it was the pilot 
program for what was going to become a national program to identify and 
nuture academic excellence, but I was never what you would call excellent
academically, and when I looked again later that information was gone
--buried under the ever-shifting sands of the Internet. 

	I'll describe what I can remember. 

	I was about seven and attending the local Catholic elementary school. I 
preferred being in my books. I had learned to read very early on and was
reading books well above my level at the time. I wasn't too good at 
kickball or foursquare or tetherball. I remember the wooden benches 
underneath metal ceilings, each section for different classes...lunch boxes,
brown paper bags, plain colored slips of paper that could be bought and 
exchanged for hot meals on burrito, hot dog, or pizza days. 

	One day I was called out of class and lead to the library. It wasn't
much of a library it was actually a small room and we weren't really
allowed in it. The few times that I had gotten access I remember 
reading a book of Greek myths. There was this large one with a Minotaur on
the cover and the story inside where planted dragon's teeth grew and 
transformed into a field of Hoplite warriors. 

	At a table there was a man and he introduced himself as a psychologist
that was going to be leading a group that were going to be testing me over 
the course of the week. And for the next week, that's what happened. There
were written tests in reading comprehension and problem solving, but mostly
it was other things; one day they asked me to draw a picture of any person
I wanted to and to describe him. We had been studying the building of the
transcontinental railway and the Chinese railroad workers had been on my
mind at the time. 

On another day I was given blocks with different patterns on their sides an
the tester would show me a design, scramble the blocks, and hit a stopwatch.

On a different day with a different man a series of scenarios was posed. Th
one question that stood out the most to me was this situation where it was 
the end of the world and I was in charge of deciding who would go into a 
bunker and who wouldn't due to the bunker not being big enough for everyone
I remember thinking at the time that it was to test what I felt was 
important for a society. There's room for four people and you have to choose
between a writer, a soldier, a priest, a doctor, a teacher, a scientist, a 
handicapped person, etc. I remember that scenario being really emotionally 
charged for both myself and the guy administering the test. You could tell 
he was really into it. 

At the end of the testing I was found to be performing at a level about
eight years beyond my actual age and was placed in this MGM program. MGM
stood for Mentally Gifted Minors and once a week I was removed from class
and a bus would go around from school to school picking up a kid and then
we were driven to this other school somewhere that I didn't recognize and 
couldn't find now if I wanted to. 

Around this same time I stopped going to private school and transferred
to the public school a few blocks away. That wasn't too much fun. We had
always been told at Catholic school that the academic experience was 
superior to the public system and the public school kids considered us 
rivals in some weird way. 

(TO BE CONTINUED)
