NOBODY SCION SCRIPT 001

EXT CITY STREETS (DAY) - PRESENT TIME

JULES (an athletic nerdy male in his 20s) is weaving in and out of traffic 
on his bicycle heading to work.  He arrives at his job and pulls into the 
driveway disappearing behind the building that has a giant sign reading 
"GAMERS DIMENSION". 

INT GAMERS DIMENSION (DAY)

JULES pushes his bike into a small backroom and then makes his way to the 
front counter. He passes racks of dungeon dice, lead figurines, graph and
polyhedral paper. There are shelves of role-playing game books, stand-alone
adventure modules, boxed games of various sizes. Posters showing
adventurers fighting monsters, and demons on distant planets and in
subteranean temples.

BOB (in his 30s, but appears to be in his 50s male) the owner of this 
gamers refuge is arranging one of a stack of binders containing shiny
playing cards. The light reflects off their foil covers and glitters across
his face. 

							BOB
					Jules! It's about time! You're 
					late again!

							JULES
					I'm sorry, Bob. It won't happen
					again. Finals week.

							BOB
					That's what you said last time. 
					Go ahead and get on stocking the
					"Maces and Mazes" line. The boxes
					are already in the aisle. 

Jules grabs a box cutter from underneath the counter and makes his way to
the opposite side of the store passing through the collection of gaming 
tables and assorted gamers ranging in age from nine years old to 65 and 
wearing everything from oversized Hot Topic vinyl, to pocket protector
lumberjack, to clip-on anime fox ears and tails.

He stops in an aisle that is strewn with an assortment of recently delivered
cardboard boxes. He looks at them takes a deep sigh and begins unpacking 
them.
															CUT TO: 
INT GAMERS DIMENSION (LATER SAME DAY)

JULES is about half-way through unpacking when he notices a MAN IN BLACK
(Male, 50s) sitting by himself at one of the gaming tables. He excudes a
strong presence not just because he is sitting preternaturally still, but
also because of the strange array of gaming paraphenalia set before him and
the fact that he is completly alone. He wears a broad brimed black hat, a 
full length black frock coat, and black sunglasses. 

BOB approaches Jules with a clipboard in his hands. He looks over the boxes
and alternates between counting them and crossing off entries on his
clipboard. 

							BOB
				(referring to the Man in Black)
				Yeah, it's weird. He was at the door when
				I opened and he rented a table and set-up. 
				I don't recognize the game. He said it was
				a custom set-up.

							JULES
				How long has he been just sitting there?

							BOB
				He walked around the store for a bit. Said
				he was waiting for someone, set up and sat 
				down. He hasn't moved in the last 4 and half
				hours or so.

Jules cell phone begins to chime. He pulls it out and quickly taps the
screen. He is video confrencing with his girlfriend STACEY (Female, 20s).
Bob wanders away to continue with his inventory. 

							STACEY
				Hey. I'm still picking you up at 9:45? 

							JULES
						(suddenly realizing)
				Oh, man. That was tonight?! (recovering)
				Yeah, that's right. Pick me up. I'll be 
				ready.

							STACEY
				I swear, Jules. If your head wasn't connected
				to your body... I'll see you then. 

He pockets his cell phone and goes back to his work. The Man In Black
catches his eye again through the racks and this time seems to imperceptibly
respond to Jules' inquisitive gaze. Feeling caught Jules returns to his
work. 
															CUT TO:
INT GAMERS DIMENSION (EVENING - LATER)

JULES has finished up his stocking assignment and is vacumming the floor.
The crowd in the gaming area has thined out considerably. As a matter of 
fact it's only the MAN IN BLACK	now. BOB walks up to Jules carrying the 
cash-drop. 

							BOB
					(shouting over the vaccum cleaner)
				I'm going to the bank to do the cash-drop!
				
Jules turns off the vaccum cleaner. 

							JULES
				Okay, I'm almost done here. (looking at his
				cell phone) It's 9:15. Good. Stacey is picking
				me up at 9:45. I've just got the windows and 
				the trash left. 

							BOB
				That's fine. (noticing the Man In Black)
				Tell him that we're closed. He just sat there
				when I told him. Then go ahead and lock the door
				hit the sign, arm the alarm, etc.

Bob leaves. Jules looks at the Man in Black as he loops the vaccum cleaner's
cord.
															CUT TO: 
INT GAMERS DIMENSION (EVENING - CONTINUOUS)

JULES is putting the vaccum cleaner in a closet and shutting its door. He 
turns and faces the MAN IN BLACK who remains very still. Jules clears his 
throat and approaches him. 

							JULES
				Excuse me, sir. We're closed now. 

The Man in Black looks up at Jules who now stands on the opposite side of
the empty table the Man in Black is sitting at. Jules looks closer at the 
array of brightly colored grid and hexagonal paper, the brightly colored 
and oddly shaped polyhedral dice, his Game Master screen and assorted other
tools and devices. 

							M.I.B.
				Closed?

							JULES
				Yes. We close at nine on Thursdays and 
				that--

							M.I.B.
				What's your name?

							JULES
				It's Jules.

The Man in Black stares hard at Jules with a face that seems an odd mixture
of disgust and rage before seamlessly morphing into an expression of 
profound sorrow. Jules is unnerved. 

							M.I.B.
				I used to know the previous owner of this
				establishment. This was back in the 80s. 

The lights seem to dim in the room. The traffic noises from outside and 
the music playing over the store's sound system has faded down into 
silence.
							M.I.B.
						(continuing)
				I was a student at the local college. I
				was majoring in English --with an emphasis
				on 20th century American Lit. 

Jules reacts.

							M.I.B.
						(continuing)
				I had a girlfriend then too. [his speech
				begins to garble robotically] This was 
				many years ago. She used to [robotic gargle]

Jules reacts more intensely. He is experiencing an attack of vertigo.

							M.I.B.
				[robotic gargle] I remember the night she 
				was picking me up so that we could [long
				robotic gargle]

Jules is losing his sense of balance and is falling to the ground. He's 
moving with great difficulty and the M.I.B. is standing over him now his
speech has devolved into a strange combination of whirrs, clicks, buzzes, 
and gongs. 

Jules vision loses focuses as he stares at the Man in Blacks beautifully 
expensive shoes.

Jules passes out.

														FADE TO BLACK.

# Go to Prologue 000 - Jules Has a Dream

														
