PLAYER CHARACTER SELECTION SCHEME

The player will play either THE NOBODY or THE SCION. 

There are a few ways to make this decision. 

1) Random: 
	Roll 1d4
	1-2: The Nobody
	3-4: The Scion

If you don't want to waste time or expend the energy on a test and/or want to get into the
story and gaming experience as quickly as possible.

2) Take the personality test and accept the counter[contra?]-indicative result. This is good
	for the player that wants to challenge themselves psychologically by exploring  the
complete opposite of their own personality. The reward here is an expanded 
awareness of the viewpoints of others. 

3) Take the personality test and play the aligned result. This is the choice that will allow
the player to most effortlessly make decisions that are "in character" because their own
personality matches the result. 

THE TEST

The test is composed of different sections; true and false, multiple choice, rating scales,
areas of knowledge, scenarios, and an open-ended questions. 

Each section is scored and the result is produced.

The GM is not to give any advice or deviate from the phrasing of the questions and 
answers in any way. If the player is confused the question must be repeated verbatim. If 
the player is so confused as to be unable to answer the question is skipped with the GM 
saying "We will skip this question." and marking it as being a NOBODY postive result for
that question. 


Here begins the test: 

GM: This test is to determine whether you are more likely to align with the character of 
THE NOBODY or THE SCION. The test is composed of different sections; true and false, 
multiple choice, rating scales, areas of knowledge, scenarios, and an open-ended questions. 
The test will be read verbatim, if your confused say so and i will re-read the sections
instructions or repeat the question and, if applicable, any possible choices. 

If you are unable to answer a question you may skip the question by saying "Skip." If I see
a question is too difficult or hanging up the test I will say "We will skip this question" and
we will continue with the test. You will not be penalized in any way for skipped questions. 

Remember, there are no correct or incorrect answers there are only "your" answers and 
that's what we're looking for. 

Just be as honest and as forthcoming as is possible for you. 

Are you ready?

(Once the player has answered "yes" proceed to the first section labeled "TRUE AND FALSE".)


TRUE AND FALSE

GM: The following section is composed of True or False questions.  Answer the following 
questions with either "True" or "False".  Are you ready? 

(Once the player has answered "yes" proceed)

1) The current generation should be willing to make sacrifices that will benefit future
generations. Is this true or false? (TRUE = SCION)

2) Being powerful is the most loving thing a person can be. Is this true or false?
(TRUE = SCION)

3) Sometimes the ends justifies the means. Is this true or false? (TRUE = SCION)

4) Radical innovation is a hallmark of a healty organization (FALSE = SCION)


MULTIPLE CHOICE

GM: The following section is composed of questions and multiple choices that you are to
choose from. If you need me to repeat any of the questions or possible choices just say so. 

 Are you ready? 

(Once the player has answered "yes" proceed)

The most important quality for an individual to possess is:
1) Security (Scion)
2) Knowledge (Scion)
3) Social Connections (professional, family, community) (Scion)
4) Competence (Nobody)
5) Freedom (Nobody)

Society is about ______.
1) Order  (Scion)
2) Tradition  (Scion)
3) Provision  (Scion)
4) Harmony (Nobody)
5) Progress (Nobody)
6) Individual Expression (Nobody)

What's more important? 
1) Saving resources for an emergency (Scion)
2) Investing effort in the future (Nobody)


RATING SCALES

On a scale of 1-5 with 1 being "I completely agree", 2 being "I somewhat agree", 3 being
right in the middle with "I neither agree or disagree", 4 being "I somewhat disagree" and 5
being "I completely disagree". How do you rate the following statements?

Rate the following popular folk expressions:

1) It's impossible to make an omlette without breaking some eggs. (1-2 Scion / 4-5 Nobody)
2) 

PREFERENCES

Which do you prefer: exploring (nobody) or studying (scion)

AREAS OF KNOWLEDGE




SCENARIOS

1) 


OPEN-ENDED QUESTIONS

Are there any comments you'd like to add? 
(Yes = Nobody, No = Scion)

What did you think of this test? 
(Opinion offered = Nobody, No opinion offered or short answer = Scion)

